Aliased import ignored for nullable variants of that type (#2068)
square/kotlinpoet: docs/changelog.md

* Fix: Support delegates on anonymous classes. (#2034)
* Fix: `TypeName.MUTABLE_MAP_ENTRY` now correctly uses the `MutableEntry` nested class name. (#2061)

> * Fix: Aliased import ignored for nullable variants of that type. (#2020)
> * Fix: Aliased import may throw java.lang.IllegalArgumentException if nullable and not nullable variants of it are used. (#2021)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Use the same aliased import for both the nullable and non-nullable versions of a type (#2020 #2021)
```
